Well let's keep moving on and work some more on our read typology here.
I think what I'd like to do is work on the shoulder areas.
I think I'll just begin on this side this side is going to be interesting because of all the detail
with the accessories and everything but I think I'm to work on this side here and all I want to do is
draw or continue drawing down around the shoulders and the pecs here.
And then also be mindful of what edges are going to be extended on down over the shoulder the shoulder
is a really interesting part of the character because it can move in so many different directions.
And it's always difficult at least for me to get the geometry correct or at least good enough.
So the mash doesn't just collapse as it moves around as it as it forms.
So I'll try again here.
Every every time is a new experience I think.
But let's give it a try.
So with this head part selected I think I'm going to go back to the grease pencil and I'll just click
draw and let's start working on drawing out the edges.
For the pecs and the shoulder here I think I'm going to begin coming down the center of the character
right here.
So I'll begin here.
Come straight down.
And then these are going to kind of flare out a bit and then come back in.
So
these should begin moving towards the pecs So let me do this and let me extend this far there like this.
And I said tecs I meant the shoulders here.
So I'm going to begin taking this one this way like that.
And then these will need to come straight out like this and this center one maybe began to go all the
way down to the end of that deltoid I believe it is.
I think I'll begin here for the cross-sections and come out around the neck there.
And then this one I'll continue like this.
I'll go ahead and bring this one up and on around like this.
I'll do the same here like this
and for this one I'll bring it more around like this and maybe one more.
Let's try this right here.
Not sure if that one will work so I'll press enter.
Come back to the tools and click add surface.
And there we go.
Now once again we've got some that are flipped and some that aren't all press a to select everything
and then I'll press control in to recalculate normal's and then we should have that all pointing in
the right direction.
Now one thing I see here is I've got this one that connect it up on me.
I didn't mean to do that.
So with this selected maybe I could hit the that's the Ripp tools soldiers hit V.
And let's see what happens.
There we go.
That pulls it out like that.
OK.
So now what I can do is select these points and I will then bridge them I'll select these as well
and if I press control I have the edges menu and I can select bridge edge loops and there we go.
So now that connects that up.
All right let's go round the back here and do the same thing for the back of the character.
I think I want to draw out edge loops that match these and then bring these down as well.
So let me turn off x ray for a moment here.
And let's try and draw this out as well.
So I'll go back to the grease pencil hit the draw button and I'll extend this around to here and extend
this around
I'll bring this around over the shoulder to the back
and maybe this one as well.
And then I think what I'll do is go ahead and dry out edges here.
And here see how that works.
And now let's extend the edges from the back of the neck sort of extend to this one.
This one
this one so I'm just trying to match up those edges.
That.
And then this one should come out over the shoulder like this.
I'll hit enter and then go back to the Tools tab and click add surface and then we go hit x ray quite
a few are flipped so I'll select everything and press control in to recalculate the normal's and there
we go.
So now what I can do is select these edges or select this vertex and then control select this one and
then select these and then control the bridge edge loops.
So I'll do the same thing here I'll select these points and these points and control me and bridge edge
loops and then I'll just select these four and then hit the F key and there we go.
So now we're beginning to get that edge flow over the shoulder here.
I'll select these and I'll go ahead and turnon snapping right down here.
And hit E and extrude these up to here and I'll merge these with Allt M and at last.
And also over here I'll select these edges and extrude and bring these over a bit and then merge these
together with all to him.
Now to continue with the shoulder I think what I'll try is selecting these points here and I'm going
to extrude these and pull them down toward the edge of the of the deltoids here so I'll hit B and extrude
these down to maybe right about there.
And I'll go ahead and select these two and merge these with all to him at the center.
Let's see how that works.
Maybe I'll pull that in to snap that a bit.
You know we go and I'll do the same thing here.
See if I can get those to snap in there.
All right I'm going to take this edge here.
And what I'm going to do is extrude it on down around here and connect it up there.
I'm going to do one
two
and then he snap these.
Now
so then maybe I'll do one more extrusion before I connect it up let me pull this back down.
I'll select these two hit E for extrude one more extrusion and then I'll begin arranging these to connect
these up.
So now if I select these four vertices and hit the F key I can connect that up.
So now we've got how many edges do we have here.
Let's see how pressed the old key and select and it looks like we've got 10.
That's not bad.
So now I know if I do use the shrinkwrapped tool to create the arm I know I need a cylinder of 10 the
sides of 10 edges.
So to create the arm I'll come over to the Create tab and click on cylinder.
And so instead of 32 vertices I'll use 10 and I'll choose a cat filled type of nothing and I'll go ahead
and increase the depth a bit.
Increase the radius just a little analysis try and put that in place over the arm.
Let's also add a few edge loops so oppressed control are in scroll the mouse wheel until we get a few
edge loops here something like this.
I think I've got five here so far.
Let's try that.
And with this selected I'll go to the modifiers panel and add the shrinkwrap modifier.
And for the target I'll choose character.
Let's see how that works.
So it caught the torso here let's see if I can just move that a bit and yeah it'll pop off of that and
there is our arm geometry.
Let's see how it worked.
I'm going to hit apply and turn on x ray.
I'll go ahead and combine these two objects I'll select this and shift selected this and I'll press
control J to join them.
So now they're all one object.
And now I think I'd like to extrusions to get to here to connect these up.
So what I can try.
If I press alt and click here and then alt shift and click here what I could try.
I'm not saying it's going to work.
But what I could try is press control E and I will bridge edge loops here but then I'll come over here
and increase the number of cuts too like that.
So that gives me extra geometry around there.
Now there's some tweaking we need to do of course but that gets me pretty close.
That's not too bad.
All right.
So there we have the beginnings of the typology of the arm and the shoulder.
I'm going to need to work on the glove here.
I think that will be a whole other object that all shrink wrap around that glove cuff thing and then
I'll connect them together the way I did the boot and the leg.